11-7-18 meeting:
---------------------
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM

Agenda:
----------
- Having trouble with landscape writing. Ex: we're basically saying the ball rolling around idea---i.e., the landscape---is
  wrong for various reasons. What are we replacing it with? I can't think of a way to recover a ball rolling around idea. But then
  all you have is some probability distributions. Is that all we can safely think about?

- Implemented Linghui Gill vs additive solver this morning. Get parabolic KLD. Multiplicative noise one having problems in the low
  protein region; still thinking about how to fix that.
  
  Also on this topic: having a hard time finding parameter regimes where there is bistability. This reduces to the problem of coming
  up with a parameter set such that the 'Hill' function and decay term intersect three times. Since it is so hard to find this by 
  guessing (in my experience), I have come up with a semi-clever way of guaranteeing three intersections. Still a work in progress
  though.
  
- Had some doubts again about the Lagrangian, thinking about justifying it in landscape review transition paths section. Found a 
  helpful paper that SEEMS to dispel the fog, since there have been a lot of conflicting accounts so far. These authors go into 
  gritty mathematical detail and also explain in detail why some other authors are wrong.
  
  According to them, my Lagrangian is right for the Ito interpretation. They offer the correct result for general alpha.
  
  The root of the problem is this: to arrive at a path integral/Lagrangian for multiplicative noise, it is convenient to begin at the
  agreed-upon expression for additive noise. Then several authors have tried to do a change of variables to obtain the multiplicative
  noise result. But apparently, doing a change of variables inside the path integral is a delicate issue, because of the Ito lemma
  complicating things.
  
  Paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1704.03501.pdf
  
  
- Still need to do: more landscape writing. Overlapping the Lagrangian LAP with the empirical LAP and the KDE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting Notes:
----------------
  
For next week:
