10-25-18 meeting:
---------------------
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM

Agenda:
----------
- Managed to resolve the issue with Hamilton's equations and the conservation of energy: after doing things carefully, it turns out
  that Hamilton's equations ARE the same after all, and energy really is conserved. The derivation and some discussion is in this folder.
  
  It turns out that my issue with energy not being conserved in my simulation was actually just a numerical stability issue; it was
  fixed by just using the fact that E is constant to integrate one out of the degrees of freedom from the start, so that I just need
  to solve three DEs numerically instead of four.
  
- I promised 1000 new words and 20 refs on the landscape review. Have been writing plenty of words, but did not collect all those refs.
  Will do that this week. A current (very messy) LaTeX draft is in this folder.
  
- I have come up with a few cool examples to demonstrate various things about the landscape. 
  I sent one of them to you last Thursday. That one was to counter the usual assumption that 'increasing noise' (whatever that means)
  increases the probability of a transition between attractors. While this is sometimes true, one can come up with reasonable situations
  involving multiplicative noise where increasing a multiplicative noise coefficient actually causes the probability of a transition
  to go down! In the example I showed you, while the barrier height does decrease, the other attractor gets more shallow faster than that
  happens, so the probability of a transition goes down overall.
  
- Here's another one. Last time, our discussion led me to an interesting idea: maybe, instead of local landscapes necessarily reflecting
  VERY SMALL times, local landscapes should be associated with any specific time interval. Why? Because what happens next to a cell
  depends on the time scale you care about. In other words, the local landscape describing what a cell is most likely to do in the 
  next minute is probably different than the local landscape describing what a cell will do in the next hour.
  
  Consider the following simple example: a 1D system whose dynamics are governed by a 5 attractor potential, with the attractors 
  getting deeper and deeper as you go from left to right (I will draw this for you). If the cell starts in the leftmost attractor,
  on the smallest timescale, it is most likely to stay within the first attractor. On the next smallest, it might be in the first or
  second. On a longer timescale, it is overwhelmingly likely to be in A3. On an even longer one, it is overwhelmingly likely to be 
  in A4. And so on. For local landscapes to be useful, they must reflect this---so they must take specific timescales into account!
  
  I haven't written this up but will soon. I am also planning to present this example as a figure in the review paper.

- Another example to answer the following question: do transition paths ever correspond to landscape surface geodesics?
  As far as I can tell, the answer is no, even in simple cases like having purely symmetric additive noise. I worked out the
  EOM for a geodesic on an arbitrary surface (not sure how helpful this is). 
  
  In the paper, I might present this by showing a picture comparing the geodesic to the true transition path. Ideally, I can come
  up with an example where the two are very different. For example, it would be nice to come up with a system where the geodesic
  is a straight line, but the transition path in either direction is hyperbolic. Still thinking about this, but if I can't come up
  with something clever, I'll just do a numerical simulation of a mutual inhibition system and be done.

- Another example to answer the following: can different systems have the same landscape? Yes. Simple example: imagine a 1D system
  governed by a potential V and an additive noise coefficient s. Imagine the similar system with potential k V (for some positive
  constant k) and additive noise coefficient sqrt(k) s. The P_ss will be the same in each case.

- Still need to do: more landscape writing. Overlapping the Lagrangian LAP with the empirical LAP and the KDE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting Notes:
----------------

  
For next week:
